Add documentation and improve dev ex for CE Workflow Templates (#6787)
greenriver/hmis-warehouse: docs/features/hmis/ce-workflow-builders.md

| **Prod setup**                              | One-time via `UNSAFE_RUN_IN_PRODUCTION=true` (builder + rake guard)   | `PUBLISH=true`; no destroy in prod                                          |
| **Env vars**                                | `UNSAFE_RUN_IN_PRODUCTION` (prod only)                                | `PUBLISH`, `FORCE_RECREATE` (non-prod only)                                 |

### Preferred destroy-and-recreate pattern

Use this pattern for new workflows. See `drivers/hmis/lib/ce_workflows/ac/workflow_builder.rb` as a reference implementation.

**Why we prefer it:**

- Modifying an existing template in place via idempotent `find_or_*` calls accumulates cruft and is harder to reason about than a clean graph build.
- Simpler mental model: "the Ruby code *is* the template definition; re-run the rake task to apply changes."

**Implementation shape**:

```ruby
def initialize(data_source, unsafe_run_in_production: false)
  raise '...' if Rails.env.production? && !unsafe_run_in_production
end

def build_my_workflow
  identifier = 'my_workflow'
  CeWorkflows::Shared::CeBuilderUtils.delete_template_and_associated_data(

>     identifier, data_source: @data_source, delete_opportunities: false

Reviewer: So this is suggesting that even when setting up a workflow for the first time in _production_, we should be passing `delete_opportunities: false` which could potentially lead to dangling references and opportunities without a workflow template? _but_ it's okay because that's guaranteed not to happen as long as the template identifier name didn't change, because it immediately recreates it right after (and is run in a transaction as long as its invoked via rake task..)?

It might be helpful to add a comment somewhere documenting the reasoning behind the `delete_opportunities` flag.

Author: In our preferred pattern, we don't run `delete_template_and_associated_data` in production at all. When running the builder with the `unsafe_run_in_production` flag set to true, we skip `delete_template_and_associated_data` entirely so the value of `delete_opportunities` is not read.

Theoretically, the value of `delete_opportunities` wouldn't matter anyway in prod because the template wouldn't exist yet, since we are only supposed to use this for first-time setup.

I think this part of your comment _is_ true of dev/staging:
> which could potentially lead to dangling references and opportunities without a workflow template? but it's okay because that's guaranteed not to happen as long as the template identifier name didn't change, because it immediately recreates it right after (and is run in a transaction as long as its invoked via rake task..)?

I will add a comment to clarify this!

  ) unless @unsafe_run_in_production

  template = CeWorkflows::Shared::CeBuilderUtils.create_template(identifier, name, @data_source)
  # create! nodes, create_gateway, connect_to!
  template.validate!
  template
end
```

**Local iteration:** run the rake task repeatedly. Expect referrals to be destroyed.

**Production:** run once at initial setup with `UNSAFE_RUN_IN_PRODUCTION=true`. Do not re-run after go-live (same as the rake comment in [ce_define_workflows.rake](../tasks/ce_define_workflows.rake)).

**Rake task shape:** prod guard at top; pass `unsafe_run_in_production:` into builder.

### Non-preferred draft-idempotent pattern

**Why not preferred:**

- In practice, devs used `FORCE_RECREATE` anyway because drafts can't be used for referrals.
- Idempotent `connect_if_not_connected`-style guards add complexity and cruft.

> - Implies that we support changing a prod template *without* incrementing the version number, which we don't want to support.

Author: @gigxz in this bullet I was trying to articulate the concern you expressed on our huddle about this pattern, but I'm not sure I quite captured it - let me know if I should rearticulate this, or there is another reason I should add to this list?

Reviewer: I think this makes sense

## Updates

> Updates to Workflow Templates fall into two categories. See [https://github.com/open-path/Green-River/issues/8515](https://github.com/open-path/Green-River/issues/8515).

Reviewer: It's good that we're linking 8515 somewhere, but I'm not sure this is the right place. The issue doesn't explain the two categories. Maybe we can reference this on line 91?

- **Form field/label changes** such as label changes, adding a question, or adding a pick list option:
  - Edit JSON in `lib/form_data/`.
  - On deploy, forms are re-seeded automatically.
  - No template version bump.
- **Graph changes** such as new steps, gateways, side effects:

>   - We don't yet have an established pattern for handling this in production.
>   - The non-preferred draft-idempotent pattern was partly built to handle this, but due to the downsides listed above, we're retiring that pattern and will cross this bridge when we re-encounter it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - We don't yet have an established pattern for handling workflow changes in production. The outstanding ticket for it is https://github.com/open-path/Green-River/issues/8515
  - In local development and staging environments, we use a destructive operation to delete all old referrals when we need to update a workflow template. This should never be done in production.
```
